ladies so I'm back once again with
another video and this video is going to
be short and sweet I'm going to be doing
lip swatches on lipsticks that are
rocking for the spring and summer months
and also I'm going to be given away a
little prize at the end so if you want
to see the sum of the lipsticks are
rocking then you don't want to miss it
by
okay ladies so I hope you enjoyed the
lip swatches and before i get into the
giveaway i just want to say I really
appreciate all you guys for supporting
my channel and I am so grateful that I
really wanted to do this giveaway for
you ladies so all the lipsticks that I
mentioned in this video I will be
gifting one of you lovely ladies a brand
new set of each and every lipstick
mention in this video so let's go to the
rules so in order to enter into this
giveaway you need to be subscribed to my
channel like this video need to be at
least 18 years of age if not the you
need your parents permission also I need
for you ladies to come it in a comment
far below and let me know your must-have
beauty products for the spring and
summer months and i think that's it so i
will have all the information in a
description bar if I left anything out
so please please please pay attention to
the description bar below this contest
will run for two weeks straight only
enter in once a dick luck to all you
guys and thank you so much for tuning in
and supporting my channel and I will see
you in my next video